Now, good morning, Chris.
Who is just coming into my office, so...
Hey, what's up?
The.
Okay, what's up?
How are you?
Fantastic! How are you doing today?
Well,
it's raining and I'm in Fredericksburg,
and God, this girl can talk, so...
You're doing amazing. Got it.
Yeah.
I was just catching up with Annette.
It was good to see her again.
Yeah, she's still, she's still trouble.
Um...
And.
Yep.
Huge,
huge liability on the huge liability on
the balance sheet, so...
Yeah.
Ha ha ha ha.
Ha ha!
Absolutely.
Is Julie gonna join as well, Megan, or no?
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah, Julie's on.
She was having some audio issues.
I think she's going in.
We're all here together, Chris.
Okay, good. All right. So,
why don't you kind of,
Okay.
I guess I kind of kind of let you know
what we're trying to do here. So,
Mike and Annette,
I kind of invited them in the last minute,
just thinking, hey,
these guys might have some input to this
that would be helpful.
and have a different view and I didn't
invite Melanie yet because I'm not sure
that, you know,
she understands all the flows that we're
looking for.
But I think once we put this thing
together, so we kind of, what we did,
what did we create over at Stay BT?
We created something similar.
Do y'all still use that, Mike and Annette?
Yeah, SharePoint.
SharePoint. Brian built that too,
didn't you?
Yep.
Yep, his name is all over still.
So, this is, so is this is,
so for lack of a better terminology,
Yep.
we can kind of use this as a similar,
this is gonna be mimic SharePoint to a
certain degree, right?
Yeah,
I would argue that SharePoint would be
the Buick and this is more of the Porsche.
****, I don't need to pay for a Porsche,
man. I, you know, I can get by.
Uh-uh.
I'd rather you go if I could. So, anyway,
OK, so that's good, so...
Okay, this is a this is Alexis.
Okay, I've got that figured out.
So that's good.
So I'm guessing technology is better,
but we wanted something where Megan
didn't have and Julie, you know,
we wanted some central thing that the GMs
would absolutely buy into and use that we
could eliminate, you know,
all the email traffic.
I don't know that we eliminated it all,
obviously,
but we minimize it dramatically.
And I had some vision of, you know, like,
as I'm going around, just so Megan knows,
this is full of invoices that haven't
been paid. So heads up. Yeah,
there's some way that the GMs would be
able to not only see all the invoices for
a particular vendor in their portal,
but also
we leave some space in there for Megan
and her team to go in and say, hey,
this has been paid by check number, blah,
blah, blah, on May 15th, right?
That way they don't have to call Megan.
They can get right to the portal and get
the information. Now,
the key is to keep the portal updated,
as you know. I mean,
it's garbage in is garbage out, right? So
Right.
plus all the storage for forms.
So I kind of wanted to,
while he probably walks us through this,
and that Mike,
if y'all had some ideas as well, that say,
let's add this, let's add this, you know,
Brian being the architect, he will,
he's willing to add, edit whatever.
The same goes for Julie and Megan.
So this is kind of more of a
brainstorming of take a look at it.
I.
And let's think about it for a few days
and then come back to the table with, hey,
let's add this. I thought about this.
I was in the shower and all of a sudden,
hey, why can't we put that in there?
So that's probably going to happen.
Yeah.
Before we turn it over to the GMs,
I want to have like two or so turns of
that before we give it to them and then
we edit it every week, you know, so.
Yeah.
And I think we can absolutely have
Annette and Mike, you know,
as users in the system for the next week
or two and test it, use it,
understand what needs to be changed and
updated. In fact,
Megan and Julie have already given some
great feedback just in the last 20,
being in it for 24 hours. So
Those were things and directions I've
taken away and already kind of mocked up.
But yeah, I mean,
once it's kind of more fully fleshed out
too,
we can put controls on it as well so that
Chris,
you're not only getting reporting weekly
or you're able to keep a track on who's
actually putting stuff in and who's not
and really keep everyone accountable.
Would this have the ability to like have
like the daily report fed into it so it
didn't have to get emailed every day?
I was looking at that today, this morning.
It looks like Jonas Quorum is very picky
at who they choose to share their API
with. It's doable.
We would need them to play ball,
but pretty much anything in Quorum that's
available to you,
we could feed in here if they're willing
to play ball.
Well,
that would be interesting if we could get
him to, it almost be like, hey,
you have historicals,
everything's in there, you know.
Okay, alright, well.
Your average daily rates, all that stuff,
yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well,
I don't know that I necessarily mind the
email every morning, but I mean,
it's every day, you know,
and then when you get back to look,
so it may be nice just to have in the
portal and you say,
because I really want the ones that are
What?
the end of the month numbers, right,
all the time. So
Right.
What's nice about doing it yourself is
now when you're in the portal,
you can see trends across properties.
And if you want to dial in,
maybe one property is below a threshold,
you can see that very easily without
having to look at a full report.
Okay.
All right,
do you want to throw it up there and kind
Yeah, yeah.
of...
So let me just share,
confirm everybody can see that.
This is on a small screen because I've
got two windows up.
Hopefully everyone can see it okay.
Yep, we can see it.
Yes.
All right,
so what we have on the left hand side is
the GM view and what they would see when
they log into their portal. Right now,
I'm the GM of Augusta.
Congratulations to me.
Okay, that we could use you down there,
so...
So here's what I see.
I see one unpaid invoice.
I see I've got two documents uploaded.
I've got quick stats like 49 rooms,
my address, my phone number.
Let's say I get an invoice today.
I would drag that into here. And yes,
Megan, that has been fixed.
So you can drag documents now.
I would mark it as an invoice.
I put the amount on it.
and hit send.
And now that shows up here on the right
hand side in this queue,
which is a more full featured view,
which you can see all the different tabs
up here for Chris or for Julie or for
Megan.
That is then sortable by either the type
of document it is,
whether it's an invoice statement or
other,
but also by property,
if I just want to look at that certain
property. So GM View, very, very simple.
I've got my document portal here,
and I've got a resources button here,
which is where all the HR stuff's going
to live.
And then on the strand side,
you've got more full featured,
which I'll walk in through that a little
bit now.
Any questions so far on that side of
things?
So can you have something where we can
approve invoices that like,
let's say you put an invoice here and it
looks like you manually have to put in
the price and the vendor, right?
Can it trigger like anything over X goes
to Annette or Mike and anything over Y
goes to me or you know,
something like that as well?
That's an automatic trigger that, hey,
you have an approval waiting. Obviously,
I don't want to.
Sure.
Approve,
and I don't want these guys to approve
$50 invoices, but...
Just trying to think how we can get in
front of that and use this portal as sort
Yeah.
Yeah, if you said, if you put it at say...
of an approval process.
If you put that at say 500 bucks,
then yes,
anything uploaded that's 500 or more
would sit in some kind of waiting queue
before it gets approved.
Because this would not have like, okay,
so how about auto draft stuff that we
don't see as invoices?
How do we get those in here where we can
actually see utility bill consumptions or
anything that we have auto drafted?
How can we get that stuff in here, Megan?
I mean,
I guess I would have to submit that.
I don't know, like it.
I don't know.
OK, well.
Once it's all in here,
we would be able to export this
information.
Like,
we would be able to download the document,
and we possibly export stuff into Excel,
like the vendor name, amount,
invoice number, or anything like that.
Right, well,
I'm not trying to make more work,
Yeah.
but I'm just trying to think how you get
everything in there.
But.
It.
Because it's just like they're putting it
here and then we have to take it and put
it in document. So it would be.
Easier, or if it was like a...
Export, import.
If we had some kind of,
or if we had some kind of feed in
Acumatica, that would be even.
Yeah, that would be amazing.
Good luck with that ****. I mean,
these guys are ridiculous.
Yeah.
So let us just get access to Acumatica
and then we'll figure that out.
It.
Pizza.
But that would be a nice feature right
there is if you loaded it in here,
Yes.
this was the this was the brain and then
it had artery that led to, you know,
Acumatica or whatever.
That would be really slick.
Yes, yes, that one.
And then the approval would live in
Acumatica like it does today for Annette
As.
What?
and Mike, right?
What was that?
Are you asking me?
Well done. Yep.
So.
If that could work,
and then the then then the approval
process for the for the above property
people, like Annette, Mike, Melanie,
or Mel,
I need to quit calling her Melanie,
and even me would still go through the
Acumatica process. In other words,
when you put something big in there,
they get pinged, hey,
There's an invoice that requires your
approval. That already is in place.
We just need to figure out how to travel,
how to route the invoice in there.
It would take a step away from you.
Yeah.
Ohh.
Quick search,
and I can do a deeper dive after this
call, but Acumatica does have an API,
so it's absolutely doable technically.
What is not known and what I'll research
is what that cost might look like,
if anything.
Right.
Perfect.
Okay.
Some software companies just have an open
API where they're like, yeah,
connect to it and we'll try to govern the
amount of polls you're pulling or pushing
Yeah.
Love you.
Right.
across. Others want a big fee for it.
So I'll find out.
Well, I doubt that they're a big fee,
you know. I mean,
I imagine M3 would probably be that.
The guys that they deal with primarily,
they're a little more...
Um...
Proprietary, okay, alright.
Yeah, I'll scope that out.
So, Annette, Mike, any comments,
any suggestions about what you would like
to see added, edited,
cleaned up in this page?
I know it's like a quick snapshot.
We can give you access to it so you can
play with it in your spare time.
No, not so far. I mean,
once we get in there,
I'm sure we'll have some questions.
No.
Yeah, they're just just going through it,
playing with a little bit,
OK.
see what we we got in there.
Well, well, the other,
the other thing in the hotel,
one of the things I wanna add is like, uh.
..
something on the hotel information page
that has the passwords for the fire
system, the passwords for blah, blah,
blah. That way,
any of us could log in and say,
I don't know that,
I can't cut the fire alarm off at 3:00 in
the morning,
but I can log in here real quick and say,
oh,
the passcode is Scooby-Doo or whatever
the hell they've called it, right?
I think we want to have some master sheet
on the hotel. Right now,
I think it's a hodgepodge that would also
list, here's the utility company,
here's the account number,
something that's a fact sheet for every
hotel should live in here as well.
Yeah.
I like it. In fact,
I foresee this screen here,
which is the property screen for you that
you have access to, Chris,
or any ownership.
I'm in Augusta now for the example,
but I see it being a full-fledged CRM of
sorts that hosts that exact type of
information, master sheets and
High-level documentation of the state of
the union of that property.
State of the Union, I love it. Yeah, so...
Yeah, that way you can put, yeah,
I'm thinking the things that we always
struggle to find in a moment's notice,
and let's say we, you know...
Yeah, you need a fire inspection report.
I want that to live in here. You know,
I always want to eliminate the paper that
sits around in the office in the files
Yeah.
and have it all live in here where
anybody can access it.
And there's no question about it.
You know,
we ought to have a section for their most
recent QAs that live in here. You know,
it's just, you know,
licenses and stuff like that.
Licenses, yeah. Contracts.
permits, all that. Contracts, yeah,
a copy of the linen contracts,
everybody knows what it should be. I mean,
this thing has legs as I keep using with
Yeah.
Brian,
but I don't want it to be a bunch of
minutiae as well.
I think it all needs to be relative stuff
and then
Maybe every now and then we have to have
a cleansing of the well, maybe.
But I mean,
I see this having the potential to be a
little more than what we did in
SharePoint.
This is more of a state of the union of
the hotel from an accounting standpoint,
a form standpoint,
an informational standpoint.
And if you have access to this,
you don't need to worry about
Hey, where's that file? Where's this file?
You know,
nobody knows how to get to the cameras.
We can have some instructional stuff on
Right.
this when we when we change that. I mean,
just I see this being the lifeblood of a
hotel site.
You love it. It's music to my ears.
I currently have it mocked up for the
I bet it is.
property view to be viewable by owners
and GMs. Whereas if I'm a GM,
I can only see my property.
Do we need to change that so that I could
see other properties as a GM,
or that would be only for ownership or
for strand?
No,
I think I think each GM needs to have
Administrative type.
access to Augusta, right?
One has wherever they're hired. Yeah,
Right, their own property.
because there may be HR. Well,
we're not going to put anything out.
not the other properties.
I saw an offer letter in here.
I don't think we want to do that and put
I want to, yeah,
I want to walk through that too with
that in here.
Julie and Megan just to talk through that.
But real quick on the property side,
if you see here,
I've got property document,
I'm in Augusta on the left.
I've got my property documents that I've
uploaded and I've got financial
statements, which could be contracts,
we could do all that other stuff.
I'm only seeing Augusta,
which if I look right here as an admin,
I'm seeing the same things,
two different views, but.
Augusta is only going to see Augusta
today,
and the next GM would only see that
property.
All right, so we'll leave that as is.
Moving on to the template side,
I think Megan had asked for maybe a spot
to put templated information,
not necessarily filled out information.
I put an offer letter in here just as an
example.
We added some folders. Go ahead.
So I have a question. This is Julie.
You've got two different,
two different tabs at the top,
one for resources and one for HR
Yep.
templates. I wasn't sure.
I'm thinking we may only need one or we
need.
Perhaps we need one section and it's,
you know,
HR templates and then another section
would be operation templates or, you know,
any forms for anything that possibly
could be needed by the managers could all
Yeah.
go in resources,
but it's not necessarily just HR.
Yeah, I'm a fan of...
Well, I think she's on to something there.
We want to make this very easy. Like,
Okay.
I like that.
we want to make something very easy for
them to click on and be like, okay,
Yeah.
this is operational. This is accounting.
Maybe we have it to where we break it
Yeah.
down. Like, you want an expense report?
That's an accounting form. You know,
you need to get it there or whatever.
Maybe you make it to where we add that
and make resources go away.
And we make a little more specific is how
I think I do it. That way, there's not.
But.
Five 1000 files and resources.
Yeah, I'm a fan of simplification.
The resources today on the admin side,
on the right side,
is just basically a mirror of what the
GMC is on the left-hand side.
Whereas the HR template section today is
Sure.
more of an administrative place where you
can create folders, move folders,
and now you can delete folders.
I saw that as a bug that you guys said.
to create like a hierarchy of where you
want to put things.
We don't have to have both. I mean,
we could absolutely get rid of resources
on the admin side. You don't need that.
But the thought here is to have a folder
system here where you would add a folder
and start putting files in that folder
for them to use.
And that's where you do it in order for
them to see it under resources,
are you saying?
Correct. Resources is more for the GM.
In fact,
Ohh, okay, okay.
you probably don't even need resources on
your side because the templates.
So, okay.
So the templates we would be managing
where we would be,
basically that would be behind the scenes
HR templates or whatever we call it for
everything that we need to put out there
Yep.
for managers,
but it'll show up for them under
resources.
Correct. In fact,
we probably should just rename HR
Okay.
templates to resources and remove this
other one at the top.
Oh, okay,
so it would just be one place for
everything, including what they would see.
Okay, that would be easier to have less,
Yes.
Yeah.
less is more to me.
Absolutely.
And you know, I don't envision,
I was thinking about it,
I don't envision using this for new hire
paperwork or anything,
because that should all be handled
through our HR system called Engage.
Okay.
So I was thinking about privacy and
confidentiality in terms of HR documents,
Yeah.
but I'm not so...
certain I would even need that.
for this particular system.
Okay.
Print.
Yeah, and Engage,
each employee has their own login for
Engage. They can see their benefits.
They can see everything in there too,
right?
Yeah,
and I figured out how to upload documents
in there yesterday or the day before into
employees files and stuff.
Yeah.
I don't know exactly what access managers
and employees have yet.
I still have quite a bit to figure out,
but it looks like we won't need any
confidential information in this.
At least not for HR,
that would need to be in this in this
Okay.
thing. What is this thing called?
Document portal. There we go.
Whatever Chris wants to call it,
today's document portal.
Yeah.
It doesn't really have an official app
name.
Yep.
Max,
I know employees wouldn't have access to
this, but...
Well, like that,
like the written warning thing you put
out this morning, you know,
that would live in here, yeah.
Yeah, the template could be out here.
Yeah, exactly. Yeah,
that's what I kind of envision it for
right now.
I don't think it's going to be become
bigger than that for HR,
unless you guys have ideas you want to
use it that way in it for HR. So.
Yeah, I...
Okay.
I think it'll be heavier towards the
accounting and.
Yeah, me too.
Agreed.
And if we start tacking on HR specific
things,
there's some compliance things we need to
talk through and more cost and all that
fun.
Oh, oh, oh, yeah, that was keep it,
keep it easy.
So Engage is built from the ground up for
all that. So
Yeah,
I want to utilize Engage as much as
possible for HR stuff, but this is where,
because I don't see a place in Engage yet
any way to store stuff like templates and
whatnot in forms,
Mm.
unless I'm just not seeing it yet for
people to access.
Are there forms that GMs and other
employees need to fill out in order to
get information to you?
Yes.
And is that a,
do you know today if that's like a PDF
Could be.
that they download and manually type in
or is that a form from Engage that you go
on a website and type in the information?
Well, I don't know what Engage offers,
but I just created a Word template,
which I can also make it a PDF syllable.
But based on my experience with dealing
with Strand,
we just have managers submit via email
their write-ups to be approved,
if they need to be approved,
and then whatever.
When it's done,
the administer to the employee,
they would upload it to Engage.
Is that the nature of that specific
example?
Is the nature of the information being
sent to you private? Is it sensitive data?
Yes.
Okay, it is, okay.
Yes.
Yeah,
there might be others that would be of it,
It.
but generally.
I think it's worth saying for
non-sensitive data,
No.
if there's information that I need to get
to you as an employee that's not
sensitive,
we could very easily build a form here
that then when I fill it out,
it actually submits that document in here
to the document portal for you to review.
Call Singh.
Are we possibly going through in your
injection?
I don't know if she's ordering French
fries or not,
but we can't hear what you're saying.
Hold on, you can't hear me.
Hey, you're better now.
I was just saying that I'll keep that in
mind, but I don't,
I can't think of a use for it at this
moment.
Okay.
Something that would be completed would
be during onboarding and that would be
handled in Engage.
And there may be other documents that can
be done in Engage so that employees
only have one portal to go to,
which is Engage.
Yeah.
I wouldn't want them to have to get into
this as well. I see this as just.
Okay.
for an HR for an HR standpoint, anyway.
Thank you.
Yep.
Force.
I...
Ca.
Annette, do you have a question?
I'm just trying to understand the HR,
the HR part.
I understand where Julie's coming from
the for now under Engage.
Under Engage now, we submit the I-9s,
all that information,
all that's in Engage right now,
and then we receive an email from Engage
to verify the I-9 and process that.
on through two.
I guess it would be Julie HR.
Is this still the way we do it?
With the Engage now.
I had a I had a phone call with. Hold on,
you were on mute. Oh, sorry.
Megan's leading the way here. So,
I had a meeting with Kate,
our account manager, yesterday,
and she explained.
dozens of questions about all of this
because I haven't yet seen it actually in
But.
use. I can get into it.
But I haven't seen, you know.
And I'm.
Okay,
I'm sorry I didn't hear anything you said.
You can't hear me at all.
Yeah, yeah,
y'all must be having an internet issue
there.
Can you hear me now?
It's the computer.
Group.
Yeah,
kind of sounds like you're underwater.
Set.
Are you in South Carolina, in the ocean?
Sounds like...
What?
But.
Ring.
Sounds like more of a laptop microphone
issue if maybe you're not close enough to
Yeah.
it.
Brian will sell you a laptop microphone
if you need one.
Hello.
I'm out, I'm out of that business.
And.
Can you hear us?
Jet.
The.
Yeah.
Yeah, yes.
I can hear you now, yeah.
Oh, okay.
So Kate told me yesterday that yes,
it sounds like the E-verify process will
be the same as what you're used to.
But...
Of.
Engage is gonna handle all of that.
I'm going to utilize them as much as I
possibly can.
Because of my other responsibilities,
they do offer a lot of services,
and they will be the ones to let us know
if there's an issue with the.
With an employee.
But we will not actually,
I won't have to touch all of those i9s
myself.
Did you hear me?
But.
Yeah, we, yeah, yeah, I'm with you.
I think you keep as much in Engage as box
as you possibly can.
They offer a lot.
I don't know how much AS Manager used
them before,
but I'm planning to work very closely
with them to make sure that they're
handling things and responsive and doing
all the things they should be for you
guys.
OK, Ed.
So,
I'll be the mediator to make sure all
that gets taken care of.
Okay,
and the policy and procedures that were
written by LG,
that's changing as soon as we transfer
over to suite manager?
Is that correct?
Written by who?
Well, it would...
What do you mean the policy,
like the handbook?
Yes, Sir.
Yeah, there's a new handbook.
But it's...
I'll send it to you guys.
Did you guys get a copy yet?
Okay.
I'll send it to you if you haven't seen
it.
No, I have no idea if that would be great.
Thank you.
Yeah, I don't think I've seen it either.
Okay, I'll send it to both of you.
What I know has changed,
but I may not know everything that's
I.
changed.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay,
I think that we have we had a uniform
agreement in the the only that that's
really just the onboarding, the policy,
us and the uniform agreement were all
Standard in our.
under the Engage portal that we have now.
Alarm.
I have certain documents I like to have
people sign when they're hired, of course,
receipt of the handbook.
I know.
Personal information of course,
the W-4 withholding, whatever,
but if there's something that you want
and you said a uniform agreement,
we can do.
Like the one you have, we can use it.
I don't know that I have it yet still,
because when they transitioned.
That includes the onboarding documents.
So, I can ask and get a copy of that,
maybe from...
Manager.
And then edit it for her suite.
The.
But anyway,
I'll work with them on getting that
onboarding stuff done.
I'll send you guys a copy of it.
I have, and then we can make any edits.
Hey, have you ever,
you're still kind of in and out,
but I think we all heard that,
but have you had any chats directly with
Alicia Walton?
Not really, no.
It was Megan that pretty much led
everything.
I think Alicia was built for a couple
weeks or something.
And so Megan was the one that I dealt
with.
I've seen a couple of emails from Alicia,
but I haven't talked with her.
Okay.
I can certainly give her a call.
Liz is still there, right?
Mike and that she's still there.
I believe so, yeah.
Yeah,
she was on a she was on a cruise for like
two or three weeks.
Yeah, good for her. Okay.
Yeah.
I do, I haven't, well, I don't know.
I guess I could ask these questions to
Julie later, but under, yeah,
I'll ask off this call.
It was about FMLA and then we also had
the workman's comp.
certain hospitals, that sort of thing.
Never mind. I'll ask you the letter.
I may not know the answers,
but you can ask me.
Well, I'll get the Answers.
Any other specific questions or comments
on the document portal side of things or
features you want to see?
Play the song.
I didn't hear.
What was that?
Yeah.
I heard I like it.
It's on your end, 'cause in that cooker.
Oh.
I think she's outside;
I think Maggot has her, like,
outside the building,
trying to talk through a window.
Mmh.
Viva.
Yeah.
That's the last time you guys.
I think it's you and Brian at this point.
No, I can hear you fine,
so you must be in front of it and then
Julie's behind you walking around.
Oh, where is it going here?
Okay,
so why don't we give Annette and Mike
some access to it too,
so they can play with it for a couple
days and maybe everybody think on it,
you know, and then maybe Tuesday,
you know, between now and Tuesday,
if you run into something or think of
something, send it to,
does everybody know how to communicate
with Brian?
Yes.
And that might don't.
But he'll give you access to it,
so hit that email will be when he sends
All read.
Brian, I still...
you access, you know,
for you to be able to log in.
How about that?
Yeah,
I'll send access and you guys will have
my email and phone number.
And upload documents once you get in,
like, try to break it. That's the test.
And now let me ask you this,
Annette and Mike specifically.
Do you think there's a GM or two that
should look at this and have some insight?
Uhh...
Uh.
I think so, yeah.
Maybe somebody like Lynn.
Okay, I like that.
Engage.
Mm.
Maybe.
Um, and then...
Maybe Mike, maybe Mike, Mike White,
who's not as computer savvy.
Sorry.
I mean, we, I'm, we,
we know we'll she can she can flow
through this, but we've got.
Like Lisa in Gastonia struggles with
computers,
these maybe take a good one and then take
one that's not as...
Yeah.
Savvy and see, just can compare,
maybe see where I, you know,
what we need to work on and...
Okay, well,
I'm a fan of Lynn and maybe Lisa.
Once one's Graham, Mike,
and the other one Mike,
then the other one's Gastonia,
so they're Graham and Affordable Suites
and.
Gastonia Affordable Suites.
And we send them an invite.
I just got here.
Like,
do we send that over today for all these
Mm.
names?
Yeah, I think so.
And then we just maybe preface that email,
say, hey, you're going to get a log in.
You know,
we're working on a portal that will have
some accounting that, you know,
kind of a one-stop shop for your hotel,
blah, blah, blah. We're open to ideas.
Log in, play with it, blah, blah, blah.
So there's nothing in here that's
Secret, right?
No.
Okay.
All of the uploads today are just fake,
generic stuff.
Generic. Yeah, OK.
And then if I can get feedback too,
once you guys are using it on the
property,
actual property page and what should go
there in the segments of the information
for that state of the union,
that will be helpful for kind of phase
two.
Yep.
But let's just say those names one more
time.
We got Annette and Mike will get access
and you said Lisa.
Lisa Smart and Gastonia,
she's Gastonia Affordable Suites.
Yep.
And then Lynn, what's Lynn's last name?
McClank.
Yeah, don't tell her I forgot.
Lynn McLean and Graham.
McLean.
And what?
Yeah.
What?
Ingram, okay.
Well, it's actually just Jessica McLean.
Jessica McLean.
Can we also throw Mike and Florence in
there because he didn't have anything
else better to do.
Nah,
I don't want anything for Mike and
The.
Florence.
Okay.
All right, and then I got Julie's email.
We'll get Glenda added and Donna added as
well for testing.
So, cool. All right. Anything else?
All right.
But by next week,
I think we want to have some sort of
framework to start really working to
button up, right?
That we don't want this to go on and on.
Yeah, yeah, and I'll move quick too.
So as you send feedback,
we'll make those changes same time,
real time, same day. So.
We'll probably have this figured out and
how to communicate with Acumatica before
we actually have access to Acumatica.
I am going to have that as a takeaway
today.
I'm going to look at their API and see if
there's any cost.
Super, and then with quorum as well.
Forum,
I know is a pain because I've gone down
that path before,
but I will re-engage with that and see.
OK, alright.
I would just need to know if we can do it.
I would need to know from you the type of
info where there's average daily rate or
what type of info do you want to see at a
Well,
I'm just trying to get the daily report
high level.
that they already sent out via email to
come into this, to end up in this bucket.
Yeah.
Can you forward me a copy of that daily
report so I can see the information on it?
Yeah.
Yeah, Annette, can he buzz at the Brian?
I've got it right here. Sorry.
I'll buzz it to you.
Yes.
I mean, even, could we even like just do,
even if they don't do an API,
can we like export and import it
somewhere for you? You know what I mean?
Absolutely, yeah, we can parse it.
If we can get the email,
we can absolutely feed that data from the
email into this system.
Yeah.
Is there a way you can automatically
email out of there?
out of this document portal.
I know about a Jonas Quorum, do you know?
Yes.
If you can set up, I mean,
that's not what you would need to do,
Yes, you can.
correct? Like...
Yeah,
there's already automated reports that
Well, the thing is, is you have to...
come out, right?
Like we get the daily report at 8 o'clock
The.
every morning.
And then every so often we get a balanced
Yeah.
Oh.
due report as well that goes to the
hotels or goes to these guys.
Right.
So they absolutely have that ability.
Okay, okay. Yeah, that's all we would.
The thing is you have to add every,
that email address,
that new email address,
you have to add it at every property
level. So times 30 something,
you have to go in and do it one time. Yep.
One time.
They don't make it easy, is my point.
It'll take a few hours to get it all set
Yeah, I mean.
up.
Do it one time, and then it's set up,
you know.
Yeah.
All right, well, good. Well,
appreciate all the feedback.
I've got some homework to do,
and I'll get these accounts created.
All right.
Y'all think of anything in the meantime,
shoot me an email.
I'll be happy to look at it.
Thanks, Brian. Thanks, everybody.
Alright, see ya.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Thank you. See ya.
Bye-bye.